# reading03
## Lists
1. Ordered Lists (ol>li)
2. UnOrdered Lists (ul>li)
3. definitiOn Lists(dl>dt,dd)
4. nested Lists
## BoxesControlling 
### Box Dimensions (width,height)
By default a box is sized just big enough to hold its contents. To set your own dimensions for a box you can use the height and width properties.The most popular ways to specify the size of a box are to use pixels, percentages, or ems. Traditionally, pixels have been the most popular method because they allow designers to accurately control their size.When you use percentages, the size of the box is relative to the size of the browser window or, if the box is encased within another box, it is a percentage of the size of the containing box.
## BORDER, MARGIN & PADDING
1. Border: Every box has a border (even if it is not visible or is specified to be 0 pixels wide). The border separates the edge of one box from another.
2. Margin: Margins sit outside the edge of the border. You can set the width of a margin to create a gap between the borders of two adjacent boxes.
3. Padding: Padding is the space between the border of a box and any content contained within it. Adding padding can increase the readability of its contents.

# JS
## ARRAY 
#### An array is  a special type of variable. It doesn't just store one value; it stores a list of values
### CREATING AN ARRAY 
#### You create an array and give it a name j ust like you would any other variable (using the var keyword followed by the name of the array). The values are assigned to t he array inside a pair of square brackets, and each value is separated by a comma. The values in the array do not need to be the same data type, so you can store a string, a number and a Boolean all in the same array. This technique for creating an array is known as an array literal. It is usually the preferred method for creating an array. You can also write each value on a separate line: colors= ['white', 'black', 'custom'];

## IF STATMENT
### USING IF ... ELSE STATEMENTS
#### Here you can see that an if ... else statement allows you to provide two sets of code:
 1. one set if the condition evaluates to true 
 2. another set if the condition is false 
 ##### Note that the statements inside an if statement should be followed by a semicolon, but there is no need to place one after the closing curly brace of the code blocks.
 ## SWITCH STATEMENTS
 #### A switch statement starts with a variable called the switch value. Each case indicates a possible value for this variable and the code that should run if the variable matches that value.
 ## TRUTHY & FALSY VALUES 
#### Due to type coercion, every value in JavaScript can be treated as if it were true or false; and this has some interesting side effects. 
1. Falsy values are treated as if they are fa 1 se. The table to the left shows a hi ghScore variable w ith a series of values, all of which are falsy.Falsy values can also be treated as the number 0 .
2. Truthy values are treated as if they are true. Almost everything that is not in the falsy table can be treated as if it were true. Truthy values can also be treated as the number 1

## LOOPS 
1. FOR
2. WHILE
3. DO WHILE

### KEY LOOP CONCEPTS 
#### KEYWORDS You will commonly see these two keywords used with loops: break This keyword causes the termination of the loop and tells the interpreter to go onto the next statement of code outside of the loop. (You may also see it used in functions.) continue This keyword te lls the interpreter to continue with the current iteration, and then check the condition again. (If it is true, the code runs again.) 
#### LOOPS & ARRAYS Loops are very helpful when dealing with arrays if you want to run the same code for each item in the array. For example, you might want to write the value of each item stored in an array into the page. You may not know how many items will be in an array when writing a script, but. when the code runs, it can check the total number of items in a loop. That figure can then be used in the counter to control how many times a set of statements is run. Once the loop has run the right number of t imes, the loop stops.
#### PERFORMANCE ISSUES It is important to remember that when a browser comes across JavaScript, it will stop doing anything else until it has processed that script. If your loop is dealing with only a small number of items, this will not be an issue. If, however, your loop contains a lot of items, it can make the page slower to load. If the condition never returns fa 1 se, you get what is commonly referred to as an infinite loop. The code will not stop running until your browser runs out of memory (breaking your script). Any variable you can define outside of the loop and that does not change within the loop should be defined outside of it. If it were declared inside the loop, it would be recalculated every time the loop ran, needlessly using resources. 